---
layout: post
title:  "Install OSE(280-2)"
categories: Linux
tags: RHCA 280
---

### Preparing for the Installation

prerequisites:

*    Masters and nodes need to be on a shared network.
*    Master and nodes need static IP configuration with resolvable FQDN host names.
*    An HTTP-based Git server has to be accessible (for builds from source code).
*    A wild-card DNS zone must resolve to the IP address of the OpenShift router.
*    NetworkManager should be disabled on masters and nodes.
*    Firewalld should be disabled on master and nodes.
*    Docker 1.6.2 or later must be installed and configured on Masters and Nodes.

The wild-card DNS zone is needed by the OSE router, which will be introduced in the Executing post-installation tasks section. For now, it is enough to know it runs on an OSE node, so the system administrator needs to plan in advance to configure DNS with the IP address for the correct node. 

Even when using the installer script, there are preinstallation tasks and postinstallation tasks a system administrator needs to perform to get a fully functional OSE cloud. Red Hat also offers an advanced installation path, which does not uses the installer script, as a starting point to automating a more complex OSE setup using Ansible playbooks. The advanced installation path is outside the scope for this course.

The OSE advanced installation path also requires the EPEL repository to get Ansible packages. For instructions on how to configure EPEL: https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL

### Installing Required Packages and Fetching Images


### Running the Installer

The OSE installer can be downloaded from http://install.openshift.com or as a direct download from https://install.openshift.com/portable/oo-install-ose.tgz

### Executing Postinstallation Tasks

### Configuring Authentication

### Testing the Installation
